Before analysis, you should know the data we have:
1. Number of leaking class for each project in small data set.
2. Number of bugs for each project in small data set.

(Hypothesis)Right now, we are looking for if there exists a relationship between leaking number and bug number:
    At first, I was planning to use t-test(p value used in this test) to analyze the relationship. However, t-test is used to find 
    whether or not two independent populations have different mean values on some measure. Here, we are not finding the mean of leaking
    class and mean of bugs. So we need to use another method to test our target. According to the paper "Assertions Are Strongly 
    Correlated with Test Suite Effectiveness", I find another method called "correlation coefficient". This measurement will compute
    a coefficient r, which represents the strength and direction of two variable's linear relationship. If this r is closed to 1 or -1, then
    there is a strong correlation. There is a criteria of the explaination of r at: http://www.dummies.com/how-to/content/how-to-interpret-a-correlation-coefficient-r.html.
    Obeying this method, I get our r = 0.4506(Correlation_coefficient_analysis.jpg on bitbucket). Based on the criteria, it is a weak relationship. Depending on correlation coefficient, we
    cannot prove that there is a relationship between leaking class and number of bugs.
    
    On the other side, recalling the method I used in DUI problem, I used the linear regression method to find out the relationship between
    two variable. So this time, I also do this method. On the picture of "linear_regression_analysis.jpg" on bitbucket, I get the information
    of the estimated linear regression. There is a data we need to consider: Rsquare, which represents how good this linear regression can
    explain the data, 1 is best and 0 is lowest. We get Rsquare=0.2. this is too low. So this can also prove that there is not a good linear 
    regression can explain our data well. In another word, we cannot find a good relationship between leaking class and number of bugs.